Exploratory data analysis

Visualization of data using histograms and boxes with moustaches. Studying data slices. Finding relationships between different parameters in the data. Join tables.

Getting conclusions from grouped data.

income_type-type of employment

debt — whether there was a debt on the repayment of loans

total_income — monthly income

purpose — the purpose of obtaining a loan

Project description

You have the data of the Yandex service at your disposal.Real Estate-archive of ads for the sale of apartments in St. Petersburg and neighboring settlements for several years. You need to learn how to determine the market value of real estate. Your task is to set the parameters. This will allow you to build an automated system: it will track down anomalies and fraudulent activity.
There are two types of data available for each apartment for sale. The first ones are entered by the user, the second ones are obtained automatically based on map data. For example, the distance to the center, the airport, the nearest park, and a pond.

Data description

airports_nearest — distance to the nearest airport in meters (m)

balcony — number of balconies

ceiling_height — ceiling height (m)

cityCenters_nearest — distance to the city center (m)

days_exposition — how many days the ad was placed (from
publication to withdrawal)

first_day_exposition — date of publication

floor-floor

floors_total — total floors in the house

is_apartment-apartments (boolean type)

kitchen_area — kitchen area in square meters (m2)

last_price — price at the time of withdrawal from publication

living_area — living area in square meters (m2)

locality_name — name of the locality

open_plan — free layout (boolean type)

parks_around3000 — number of parks within a 3 km radius

parks_nearest — distance to the nearest park (m)

ponds_around3000 — number of reservoirs within a radius of 3 km

ponds_nearest — distance to the nearest reservoir (m)

rooms — number of rooms

studio-studio apartment (boolean type)

total_area — the area of the apartment in square meters (m2)

total_images — the number of photos of the apartment in the ad
